# Use case: 4 - All random mode

## Primary Actor(s):
User

## Secundary Actor(s): 
None

## Description
This use case represents the **All random** mode where a new random scenario is generated every time. 

## Priority
- [x] Vital
- [ ] Useful 
- [ ] Desirable

## Pre-conditions
User chose **"All random"** mode. A random scenario is presented and user have to pick one of the three entries. After the user made a choice, a diagram is presented to reflect aircraft and holding pattern.
Both aircraft's position and holding pattern configuration are randomly generated.

## Post-conditions
None

## Dependencies
[Generate aircraft's position](generate-random-aircraft-position.md)<br>
[Generate holding pattern configuration](generate-random-holding-pattern-configuration.md)<br>
[Show scenario diagram](show-scenario-diagram.md)

## Flows
### Normal flow
1. The use case starts when after user chose the mode **All random** on the presentation screen.

2. Aircraft's position and holding pattern's configuration are generated by use cases [Generate aircraft's position](generate-aircraft-position.md) and [Generate holding pattern's configuration](generate-holding-pattern-configuration.md), respectively.

3. The scenario is presented with a big centered message indicating:

> Your aircraft is on radial R[radial], [distance] nm from [name] [VOR/DME or ADF].
>
> The holding pattern is a [standard/no standard], with [inbound course] course. 
> 
> Which is the correct entry for this scenario?

4. Then 3 option buttons are shown below: **"Direct entry"**, **"Parallel entry"**, and **"Tear drop entry"** and lets the user choose one.

5. When the user makes a choice, screen is cleaned. The use case [Show scenario diagram](show-scenario-diagram.md) is invoked in order to display the scenario status. Also a button called "Next scenario" and the result is shown with a text message. 

	1. If user chooses the correct option, then a green message appears indicating 

	> Correct!

	2. If user chooses a wrong option, then a red message appears indicating

	> Incorrect!
	>
	> The correct option is [entry type]

6. Uses presses "New scenario" and the use case starts again.

### Alternative course
Use case finishes when user closes tab or browser.
